version: '3.8'

networks:
  server-net:
    name: server-net
    external:
	
	
	
	The "external" property is used to specify that the network should be created externally, rather than by a Docker Compose file. 
	To use an external network in a Docker Compose file, you need to provide the name of the network as the value for the "external" property.
	
	
	In this example, the "external" property is set to an object with a "name" property that specifies the name of the external network to use.
	The network is defined outside of the Docker Compose file, and Docker Compose will use it when creating containers for the services defined in the file
	
	
 volumes:
      - type: bind
        source: /data/redis
        target: /data/redis
      - type: bind
        source: /etc/redis
        target: /etc/redis
		
		
		The first volume binding uses the "bind" type to map a directory on the host to a directory inside the container. Specifically, it maps the "/data/redis" directory on the host to the "/data/redis" directory inside the container. 
		This means that any changes made to the "/data/redis" directory inside the container will be persisted on the host, and vice versa.
		
		
		The first volume binding uses the "bind" type to map a directory on the host to a directory inside the container. Specifically, it maps the "/data/redis" directory on the host to the "/data/redis" directory inside the container.
		This means that any changes made to the "/data/redis" directory inside the container will be persisted on the host, and vice versa.
		
		
		Volume bindings are a way to provide persistent storage to containers. 
		By mapping directories on the host to directories inside the container, you can ensure that any data written to those directories will persist even after the container is stopped or deleted.


 deploy:
      replicas: 1
      placement:
        constraints:
          - "node.role==manager"
    networks:
      - server-net
	  
	  
	  The "deploy" property is used to specify options for deploying the service. 
	  In this case, it specifies that the service should have 1 replica running, and that it should be placed on a node with the "manager" role.
	  
	  The "placement" property is used to specify constraints on where the service should be deployed. 
	  In this case, it specifies that the service should be deployed on a node with the "manager" role.
	  
	  The "networks" property is used to specify the networks that the service should be connected to. 
	  In this case, it specifies that the service should be connected to the "server-net" network, which is defined elsewhere in the Docker Compose file.
	  
	  Overall, this code is used to deploy a Docker service in a Docker Swarm environment, 
	  with specific constraints on where the service should be placed and which network it should be connected to.
